clifford's tower in York by day a
fortress that stands guard over the city
by night a beacon that can be seen for
miles which is why we're here below it a
genuine English really quite nervous now
because that's this is yes I mean
there's been three police cars ride by
three police cars I'm the love rough
boys in cars yeah that's one weapon and
it's big we assembled our team nearby
what we were planning would take
coordination timing and cardboard
go a bit of cardboard we're going to go
up the steps to the tower pointing up
that what we're doing isn't technically
unique right ready yeah
and just like that the tower disappeared
but we weren't done
that rough boys in car stuff yeah
my heart was pounding and it took us a
few minutes but our team did it we
turned to puppets tower into the biggest
Morse code
and a message we finished our tens of
thousands of people of the city of York
the word get all the power
leaving no evidence whatsoever who made
a run for it down the side of the bank
no idea what it looked like from below
that's a real food
I'll look after the bottom told us how
we done to out say what okay let's go
let's do how to here